Pipeline deployment definition is unclear (#7875)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/config/split-deploy/split-deploy-overview.md

: _Optional_. You can optionally set up a staging system to use for final testing of all integrated code, including User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Set up a staging system the same way you set up a production system. Except for the fact that staging is not your live store and doesn't process orders from customers, it's identical to production.

Production system

> : Your live store. You should make minimal direct configuration changes here and certainly nothing that has not been tested on a Staging instance. If possible configuration changes should be made using [Data Patches](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/declarative-schema/data-patches.html) that have been tested on a Staging/Development instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Your live store. You should make minimal direct configuration changes here, and certainly nothing that has not been tested on a Staging instance. If possible, configuration changes should be made using [Data Patches]({{page.baseurl}}/extension-dev-guide/declarative-schema/data-patches.html) that have been tested on a Staging/Development instance.
```

Author: Yes like that scan better and how did that URL sneak in?
